Fit Boysenberry Stallion

Medium

# Loss of rewards due to rounding when the reward token has low decimals (wbtc)

### Summary

The precision loss in `notifyRewardAmount` will cause a partial loss of rewards when the reward token has low decimals (`wbtc`).

### Root Cause

In `StakedEXA.sol:213` there is a precision loss that will cause a partial loss of rewards for stakers when the reward tokens have low decimals (e.g. `wbtc`).

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L213

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `providerAsset` must be a low-decimal token like `wbtc`. We must consider that the deployed protocol has a [market for `wbtc`](https://app.exact.ly/WBTC) so it's plausible that this token can be used to distribute rewards within the `StakedEXA` contract. 

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

For this example, we will assume that the duration of the rewards distribution is 4 weeks, and the `providerAsset` is `wbtc` (values from the deployment script).

1. Any user calls `deposit` or `mint` to stake some EXA tokens. 
2. The `deposit` or `mint` function calls the internal `_update` function before minting the actual shares.
3. The `_update` function calls `harvest` to distribute the dividends from the provider market.
4. The `harvest` function calls `notifyRewardAmount` with an amount of 0.0483 `wbtc` (valued at ~$3000 at the time of writing).
5. The function `notifyRewardAmount` divides the amount by the duration, causing a partial loss of rewards due to the precision loss:

```solidity
rate = amount / duration
rate = 0.0483e8 / 4 weeks
rate = 1

amountStuck = amount - (rate * duration)
amountStuck = 0.0483e8 - 2419200
amountStuck = 0.024108e8
```

After the transaction has been executed, the resulting distribution rate is 1, but some tokens won't get distributed due to the precision loss. Specifically, `~0.025 wbtc` (~$1500) will be stuck in the contract and won't get distributed as rewards for the stakers. 

### Impact

The stakers can suffer up to a 50% loss of rewards when the provider asset has low decimals like `wbtc`. 

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, it is recommended to add a new state variable (`minRewardsToDistribute`) that determines which is the minimum amount of rewards that must be accrued from the Market to distribute them between all stakers:

```diff
  function notifyRewardAmount(IERC20 reward, uint256 amount, address notifier) internal onlyReward(reward) {
    updateIndex(reward);
    
+   if(amount < minRewardsToDistribute) return;
    // ...
  }
```