Curly Vanilla Barracuda

Medium

# Token Approval Management Enhancement

## Summary
Some tokens (like USDT) do not work when changing the allowance from an existing non-zero allowance value. For example Tether (USDT)'s approve() function will revert if the current approval is not zero, to protect against front-running changes of approvals.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the provided smart contract, the following line is used to approve the token allowance:
```solidity
providerAsset.approve(address(market), type(uint256).max);
```
This line sets the allowance for the `market` contract to the maximum possible value for the token. However, there is a potential issue if the contract has previously granted an approval for a different amount. Directly approving the maximum value might leave the contract vulnerable if the previous approval was not explicitly revoked.

Approving to `type(uint256).max` without first resetting the approval to zero can cause problems if the previous approval amount was less than the new maximum. An attacker could exploit this scenario to execute unauthorized transactions or manipulate the token balances.
## Impact
An attacker could potentially exploit the existing approval, making unauthorized transactions or taking advantage of leftover approvals if the previous approval was not properly cleared. This could lead to unexpected behavior or unauthorized access to tokens.


## Code Snippet
[StakedEXA.sol#L110](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L110)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 it is advisable to first set the token approval to zero before setting it to a new maximum value. 
 ```solidity
 providerAsset.approve(address(market), 0); // Revoke any existing allowance
providerAsset.approve(address(market), type(uint256).max); // Set new maximum allowance
 ```