Tame Tawny Hippo

Medium

# Potential Economic Loss in StakedEXA Due to Missing `harvest` in Key Functions

## Summary
In the StakedEXA contract, the `setProviderRatio`, `setProvider`, and `setMarket` functions do not call `harvest`, which can lead to users missing out on accumulated rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the StakedEXA contract, the `setProviderRatio`, `setProvider`, and `setMarket` functions do not call `harvest`, potentially leading to economic losses.

Specifically, when the admin attempts to call the `setProviderRatio`, `setProvider`, or `setMarket` functions to modify `providerRatio`, `provider`, or `market`, the following situation may arise:

1. There may be a period during which no users perform staking (deposit), meaning the `harvest` function has not been called for some time. During this period, the provider might collect fees from loans, which could be used for rewards.
2. At this point, if the admin attempts to call the `setProviderRatio`, `setProvider`, or `setMarket` functions to modify `providerRatio`, `provider`, or `market` without also calling the `harvest` function, the fees accumulated during this period that should have been distributed as rewards will not be distributed, or the rewards are distributed incorrectly (less or more, depending on the change in ProviderRatio). Consequently, users do not receive their deserved rewardTokens, resulting in potential economic loss.

It is important to note that this issue is not related to whether the administrator is trustworthy. According to the README:
```md
### Q: Are there any off-chain mechanisms or off-chain procedures for the protocol (keeper bots, arbitrage bots, etc.)?
no
```
This means there are no off-chain bots that periodically call the `harvest` function. Therefore, the aforementioned situation is highly likely to occur.

## Impact
No `harvest` in the `setProviderRatio`, `setProvider`, and `setMarket` functions can result in users not receiving their deserved rewardTokens, causing potential economic losses.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L460-L479

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add harvest function in these key function.