Ancient Ash Lemur

Low/Info

# `StakedEXA#permitAndDeposit()` can be bricked on the Eth mainnet

> _low cause deployment is on op mainnet_


## Summary

Permit functions in `StakedEXA` contract can be affected by DOS

## Vulnerability Detail

Take a look at https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/3eb87e3edf3bcd57c4cc1c6a73e8255f575b76de/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L173-L177

```solidity
  function permitAndDeposit(uint256 assets, address receiver, Permit calldata p) external returns (uint256) {//@audit
    IERC20Permit(asset()).permit(msg.sender, address(this), p.value, p.deadline, p.v, p.r, p.s);
    return deposit(assets, receiver);
  }

```

This function permits a spender and then deposits assets in a single transaction, would be key to note that the `deposit()` being called by this function is an internal locked function and as such there should be a high priority that this function suceeds so as to ensure one can deposit and register an operation to add supply to a fixed rate pool and potentially reduce backup debt., i.e https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/3eb87e3edf3bcd57c4cc1c6a73e8255f575b76de/protocol/contracts/utils/FixedLib.sol#L35-L41

```solidity
  function deposit(Pool storage pool, uint256 amount) internal returns (uint256 backupDebtReduction) {
    uint256 borrowed = pool.borrowed;
    uint256 supplied = pool.supplied;
    pool.supplied = supplied + amount;
    backupDebtReduction = Math.min(borrowed - Math.min(borrowed, supplied), amount);
  }

```

The issue is that while the transaction for `StakedEXA#permitAndDeposit()` is in mempool, anyone could extract the signature parameters from the call to front-run the transaction with direct permit call.

This issue is originally submitted by Trust security aka Trust to various on chain protocols and the issue is confirmed by reputed protocols like Open Zeppelin, AAVE, The Graph, Uniswap-V2

To understand the issue in detail, Please refer below link:

link: https://www.trust-security.xyz/post/permission-denied

An attacker can extract the signature by observing the mempool, front-run the victim with a direct permit, and revert the function call for the user. _"In the case that there is no fallback code path the DOS is long-term (there are bypasses through flashbots in some chains, but that's a really bad scenario to resort to)."_ hinted in the above link.

Since, the protocol would be deployed on any EVM compatible chains so Ethereum mainnet has mempool with others chain too. This issue would indeed increase the approval for the user if the front-run got successful. But as the permit has already been used, the call to the above permit function will revert making whole transaction revert. Thus making the victim not able to make successful call to the above permit function to carry out the registering of an operation to add supply to a fixed rate pool and potentially reduce backup debt.

## Impact

As hinted under _Vulnerability Details_, deposits/registering an operation to add supply to a fixed rate pool and reduce backup debt would be broken, cause an attacker can take the transaction details from the mempool and front run the call to `permitAndDeposit()` by querying the "permit" directly, to then make the honest user's transaction revert, which would then mean that users would not be able to reduce backup debt when they want to.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/3eb87e3edf3bcd57c4cc1c6a73e8255f575b76de/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L173-L177

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/3eb87e3edf3bcd57c4cc1c6a73e8255f575b76de/protocol/contracts/utils/FixedLib.sol#L35-L41

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Wrap the `permit` calls in a try catch block.
