Lively Ash Parakeet

Medium

# In `harvest` function `amount` i.e a monetary value is compared with time, can lead to function failing frequently

## Summary
`amount` is compared with `rewards[providerAsset].duration` . Comparison of time with money. 

## Vulnerability Detail
`amount` is defined in `harvest()` function as -
`uint256 amount = assets.mulWadDown(providerRatio)`

`providerRatio` is defined as - 
```solidity
 /// @notice ratio of withdrawn assets to provide when harvesting. The rest goes to savings
  uint256 public providerRatio;
```
We can clearly see that by `amount` we refer to a monetary value. 
 `rewards[providerAsset].duration` refers to time. 

But here - 
```solidity
if (duration == 0 || amount < rewards[providerAsset].duration) return;
```
`amount` is compared with `rewards[providerAsset].duration` i.e. comparison of time with money. 

The utility of the `if` statement here is, If either condition is true, the function returns immediately, preventing further execution.
Hence the function stops execution. 

There is no necessary condition that `amount` should be greater than `rewards[providerAsset].duration` to harvest market assets. This line can cause unnecessary halt of `harvest` function as it isn't clear that why a monetary value is measured with a duration.

## Impact
`harvest` function can arbitrarily stop execution, giving unexpected results. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L344-L361

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use correct comparison, time and money can't be compared just because variable is initialized as `uint256` in code.