Fit Boysenberry Stallion

Medium

# DoS on deposits when the underlying market is highly utilized

### Summary

When the underlying market on `StakedEXA` is highly utilized, it will cause a DoS on all new deposits within `StakedEXA`. 

### Root Cause

In `StakedEXA:356` there is a call to withdraw funds from the underlying market, which will revert whenever that market is highly utilized due to the lack of funds. 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L356

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The underlying market on a `StakedEXA` contract must be highly utilized to not allow any withdrawals.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. Any user calls `deposit` or `mint` to stake EXA tokens. 
2. The `deposit` or `mint` function calls the internal `_update` function before minting the actual shares.
3. The `_update` function calls `harvest` to distribute the dividends from the provider market.
4. The `harvest` function calls `withdraw` on the market, which will revert when that market is highly utilized and does not allow any withdrawals. 
    - To be exact, [this line](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/Market.sol#L717) will cause the revert on the transaction when the market is highly utilized. 

### Impact

All stakers will experience a DoS on all new deposits within the `StakedEXA` contract. This DoS will be extended as long as the market keeps being highly utilized and doesn't allow withdrawals due to insufficient protocol liquidity.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue is recommended to wrap the `withdraw` call in a `try/catch` block to continue the execution flow even if the withdrawal from the market reverts. 