Helpful Sapphire Zebra

Medium

# All the rewards for a particular ERC20 Compliant token available will not be properly distributed leading to a Permanent loss of yield for stakers due to precision loss.

## Summary
Users are expected to stake their EXa tokens to get rewards. 

But due to Precision loss can lead to a loss of substantial funds, these funds can be huge and are not dust amounts. kindly read the calculation in the vulnerability section 

 Reward tokens must be only fully ERC-20 compliant tokens without weird traits. 

 After my interaction with the sponsor it was noted that tokens like WBTC, WETH are also in scope. 

It should be noted that WBTC is also a fully ERC-20-compliant token without weird traits and hence falls under this category. The token decimal for WBTC is 10**8 thus whenever the reward rate is calculated, a significant amount of funds that should be sent to stakers per second are left in the contract. 

Based on the README - WBTC can be found on op mainnet and it is an extremely popular token and therefore remains fully in scope as reward tokens ----https://optimistic.etherscan.io/token/0x68f180fcce6836688e9084f035309e29bf0a2095.


## Vulnerability Detail

1. For WBTC -

The reward distributed per seconds 

 ```solidity
rewardData.rate = amount / rewardData.duration;
  } else {
 uint256 remaining rewards = (rewardData.finishAt - block.timestamp) * rewardData.rate;
      rewardData.rate = (amount + remainingRewards) / rewardData.duration;
```

An issue occurs because there is no sufficient wrapping of the amount before dividing by rewardData.duration. The number is divided and later multiplied by time used, causing a loss of precision of the amount modulo remaining time. For the provided period of 24 weeks based on the test file , the maximum amount lost can be calculated:

duration= 24*7 * 24 * 3600 = 14,515,20 .

Amount = 1 WBTC =  1*10**8.

RewardRATE = 6.8893298059964726631393298059965 per second = 6 per second  (SOLIDITY doesn't count the decimal point).

Now let's query the amount that will be distributed 
 uint256 remaining rewards = (rewardData.finishAt - block.timestamp) * rewardData.rate;

rewards = 14,515,200 * 6 = 87,091,200

Loss due to precision = 100,000,000 - 87,091,200 = 12,908,800 

The worth of the lost amount as of the time of these report is = 12,908,800 * 67,000/10**8 = $8,648.896 worth of tokens are not distributed to stakers that should have them.



 For WBTC, $8,648.896 ( at time of writing) will not be distributed to the staker present at the moment. The loss is shared between all stakers relative to their stake amount. The loss occurs for every notification, so it is clear losses will be severe. 


2. For other token in the test a reward of decimal 6 was setup also by the protocol -
 https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/test/StakedEXA.t.sol#L70

The impact here is big also. considered handling precision loss to mitigate against this


## Impact

Permanent loss of yield per second  for stakers due to precision loss. 

As a reference the same vulnerability was Report by Trust in March 2024 - https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-03-abracadabra-money-findings/issues/222.

Also check the implementation of Uniswap Unistaker in handling cases like this - https://github.com/uniswapfoundation/UniStaker/blob/887d7dc0c1db3f17227d13af4d8a791a66912d42/src/UniStaker.sol#L618-L621

```solidity
@audit>> amount is scaled to avoid precision loss by uniswap>>
                                scaledRewardRate = (_amount * SCALE_FACTOR) / REWARD_DURATION;
                                  } else {
                                  uint256 _remainingReward = scaledRewardRate * (rewardEndTime - block.timestamp);
                                   scaledRewardRate = (_remainingReward + _amount * SCALE_FACTOR) / REWARD_DURATION;
    }
```

## Code Snippet


https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L340-L360

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L354
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L212-L216

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Store the rewardRate scaled by 1e18, so loss of precision will be lower by magnitude of 1e18. Also divide by the scaling factor whenever we want to utilize rewardrate in any other calculations.