Electric Coconut Hamster

High

# Attacker puts the amount of share token to be minted to a normal user/depositor in a vulnerable state .

## Summary
- User will have to suffer from loss of funds if attacker attacks the permitAndDeposit function in StakedEXA.sol , as decimal offset is  here 0 and not set to an bigger number

## Vulnerability Detail
- In this attack attacker will deposit some wei or let say 1 wei to pool when totalsupply would be 0. he will get mint 1 wei of share. 
 
  function _convertToShares(uint256 assets, Math.Rounding rounding) internal view virtual returns (uint256) {
        return assets.mulDiv(totalSupply() + 10 ** _decimalsOffset(), totalAssets() + 1, rounding);
    }
 
then like famous donation attack he will transfer suppose 1o ether directly to the vault. so now total no of asset would be  
would be 10ether + 1wei which would be worth of 1 share minted which is with attacker. Now the case would be if normal user will come and want to mint some share than if deposit tokens less than 10 ethers he will get minted 0 share always . Even though attacker would not get as many tokens like in donation attack, then also he will get some less amount when he will redeem his share.

Also when user will depsoit more than 10 ether , he will not get as many tokens he would get if attacker would not put this is vulnerable state. means if he  would  transfer more than 10 ether 15 ether, he would minted less share 15 ether whenever it would be deposited number other than integer due to formula and rounding error.

Attacker still doing this attack , beacuse as i mentioned as decimaloffset is not 1e18 or more number than o. right now it would be 10**0 so it would be 1. So there will be user loss of funds. and this will now go on in this vault. 


## Impact

As i mentioned above with proper example that user will have to suffer loss of funds when attacker will attack the permitandeposit function, All further depositor will have to bear loss of funds more or less. 

## Code Snippet
[- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L173](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-07-exactly-stacking-contracts/blob/main/protocol/contracts/StakedEXA.sol#L173C2-L177C1)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- In ERC4626 Upgradeble decimaloffset is 0 , so numerator +1 / denominator +1 . Protocol should override and set decimal offset to big number like 10e18. so attacker would not have any profit in doing this attack.